doc: Mention the new migration commands (#926)
Icinga/icingadb-web: doc/10-Migration.md

command leaves it untouched. Unless you pass the `--override` switch, which does what its name implies.

## Dashboards

The dashboard item configuration does not change since it is related to Icinga Web. However, items that
reference views of the monitoring module should be changed in order to permanently reference views of
Icinga DB Web.

Since Icinga Web v2.12.1, the migrate command allows you to migrate such dashboard items automatically:

`icingacli migrate toicingadb dashboard --user=<username> [--no-backup]`

By default, this only migrates dashboards of specific users and creates backups. The `--user` switch
expects a username, with optional wildcards (`*`) to match multiple users. `--user *` matches all users.
Pass `--no-backup` to disable backup creation. Please note, if you do so, that this makes resetting
changes more difficult.

### Automation

For those who integrate Icinga Web into e.g. custom dashboards, there is also a way to automate the
migration of urls. An API endpoint in Icinga DB Web allows for this:

`/icingaweb2/icingadb/migrate/monitoring-url`

If you `POST` a JSON list there, you'll get a JSON list back with the transformed urls in it.

> The returned list is ordered the same and any not recognized url is left unchanged:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The returned list is ordered the same and any unrecognized url is left unchanged:
```
